Metal ions in biomedically relevant macromolecular structures.
CheckMyMetal (CMM): validating metal-binding sites in X-ray and cryo-EM data.
Targeted removal of the FA2 site on human albumin prevents fatty acid-mediated inhibition of Zn
The current role and evolution of X-ray crystallography in drug discovery and development.
Continuous Validation Across Macromolecular Structure Determination Process.
Structural biology and public health response to biomedical threats.
CMM-An enhanced platform for interactive validation of metal binding sites.
Antimicrobial Properties of a Peptide Derived from the Male Fertility Factor kl2 Protein of 
Condensed phase properties of n-pentadecane emerging from application of biomolecular force fields.
The antimicrobial activity of chemerin-derived peptide p4 requires oxidative conditions.
Multiple-locus variable-number tandem repeat fingerprinting as a method for rapid and cost-effective typing of animal-associated Staphylococcus aureus strains from lineages other than sequence type 398.
Computer modelling studies of the bilayer/water interface.
Secretory leukocyte protease inhibitor (SLPI), a multifunctional protein in the host defense response.
Structural properties of the water/membrane interface of a bilayer built of the E. coli lipid A.
DMG-α--a computational geometry library for multimolecular systems.
Chemerin regulation and role in host defense.
Refined OPLS all-atom force field parameters for n-pentadecane, methyl acetate, and dimethyl phosphate.
Chemerin is an antimicrobial agent in human epidermis.
Orientation of lutein in a lipid bilayer - revisited.
Structural characterization of Helicobacter pylori dethiobiotin synthetase reveals differences between family members.
New surface contacts formed upon reductive lysine methylation: improving the probability of protein crystallization.
Interleukin-1-inducible MCPIP protein has structural and functional properties of RNase and participates in degradation of IL-1beta mRNA.
Water isotope effect on the phosphatidylcholine bilayer properties: a molecular dynamics simulation study.
Nonpolar interactions between trans-membrane helical EGF peptide and phosphatidylcholines, sphingomyelins and cholesterol. Molecular dynamics simulation studies.
Dynamics of water at membrane surfaces: Effect of headgroup structure.
Influence of the disulfide bond configuration on the dynamics of the spin label attached to cytochrome c.
Cloning and characterization of 5' upstream promoter region of rat WAP gene.
Phosphatidylethanolamine-phosphatidylglycerol bilayer as a model of the inner bacterial membrane.
Effects of phospholipid unsaturation on the bilayer nonpolar region: a molecular simulation study.
Molecular dynamics simulations of charged and neutral lipid bilayers: treatment of electrostatic interactions.
Construction of a toroidal model for the magainin pore.
